All monsters & Player
	5 stats:
		Strength:
			Carry capacity
			Weapon damage
			'Missile' range
			Melee critical chance
		Agility:
			Movement speed (?)
			Dodge capability
			Resistance to binds
			Ranged critical chance
		Vitality:
			HP
			Resistance to damaging status effects (poison, paralysis, heat, cold, acid, disease)
		Intelligence:
			Resistance to hallucinations
			Hallucination recovery
			Monster intent
		Perception:
			Monster identification (type, level, mutations)
			FOV range
			"Danger level" of each floor
	Armour slots:
		Head
		Chest
		Legs
		Hands
		Feet
		Left_Ring
		Right_Ring
	Item attributes:
		Damage: XdX + X 
		Additional damage types: fire, frost, poison, acid
		Carry capacity
		Critical hit chance (ranged or melee)
		Movement speed (?)
		Stat bonuses:
			Strength
			Agility
			Vitality
			Intelligence
			Perception
			
Levels:
	Goal:
		The sludgeworks is a deep complex where the essence of life itself is supposedly found at it's lowest chamber.
		Many adventurers have attempted to reach this level and perish, only further enhancing the capabilities of the
		mutated horrors within it. Remnants of societies past which have attempted to control it are evident, and it's 
		twisted layers reform around those that try to explore it, the works themselves trying to preserve itself.
		Your goal is to reach the bottom layer of the sludgeworks.
	Level 0:
		Player enters the a map screen with no armour, items and with base stats. This area serves as only a stylistic 
		intro and no items/mutations can be acquired here. Only exit is into the sludgeworks, which begins the game.
	Levels 1 & 2:
		Easier levels which allow the player to begin acquiring items, mutations and stats to determine their play
		style this run. Monsters start out fairly easy but some challenging opponents can still rarely be generated
		and environmental hazards and swarmer enemies may cause significant problems.
		Few mutations
	Levels 3-5:
		First randomly selected biome is chosen which persists for 3 floors. Each biome carries it's own style, mutation
		preference and dangers. High chance of death if the player ignores warnings and is unfamiliar with how to play.
		Low-Level mutations
	Level 6-9:
		Second randomly selected biome. By this point, player should be well equipped, mutated and leveled. Enemies have
		began to significantly mutate and unlucky combinations can make your life miserable. Player should have enough
		items to be able to have fun with the enemies and scenario and unusual play styles really start to shine as being
		very entertaining.
		Low & Mid-Level Mutations
	Level 10:
		First boss (TBD).
	Levels 11-14:
		'Ruin' biome, where hallucination-inflicting enemies become more common, paired with enemies that must be dealt
		with through other means than just hack & slashing. Within these floors, an optional but !fun! chamber will 
		be spawned, each having their own style and lucrative loot. 
		Mid-Level Mutations
			Ruin Chambers:
				Cleansers:
					'Stratholme Scarlet Crusade' chamber. Long-forgotten remains of a zealous expedition that are violently 
					holding back hordes of mutated creatures. Their only goal is to survive and try to escape the sludgeworks
					and they cannot be bargained with in any way, and see you as some mutated spawn, even if you are 
					unmutated. As you progress, the enemies spawned in the ruins will follow you which may cause unprepared 
					players to become surrounded. Chamber layout is with many square rooms and winding corridoors.
				Cultists:
					A sect of mutation-obsessed post-humans which have created a camp on their way to the bottom of the 
					sludgeworks. The majority of them have lost their humanity, but still follow their leader with religious
					fanaticism. This chamber can be highly unpredictable, as all enemies have weak base stats, but are
					highly mutated. Chamber layout is a large cavern adapted into a base.
	Level 15:
		Second boss (TBD)
	Levels 15-19:
		Another random biome. Game is challenging by this point. Another random chamber will spawn within these floors.
		Mid/High Level mutations
	Level 20:
		Third (and final) boss (TBD)
	Levels 21-23:
		Player enters the realms where reality is beginning to unfold, and the monsters encountered are horrific lovecraftian
		mutants, some of which are so badly mutated they're incapable of dealing damage any more and have become part of the
		scenery. Hallucinations may be encountered which make the player question what's actually happening and the game
		becomes very nightmarish. These floors are difficult, but the third boss is the real final challenge and these floors
		only exist to weed out those fortunate enough to beat the final boss through luck. These floors should be run through
		as fast as possible as they exist as an endurance test, with dangers intended to slow the player down.
		High & Random mutations
	Level 24:
		The player has reached the bottom of the sludgeworks and will be presented with an ending which is open to
		interpretation, with multiple endings depending upon the player's previous choices (if applicable), stats and 
		mutations.
		
Mutations:
	Info:
		Every time a player progresses to the next floor, they will have the ability to assign a certain number of stat 
		points and gain one of five mutations. The player can skip this mutation if they wish and may instead gain a stat 
		point in a random skill, or remove a negative mutation. It may be beneficial to skip mutations, as certain monsters 
		may apply negative mutations which can flood the mutation choice menus with negative mutations. Although there is 
		no mutation 'skill tree', certain combinations of mutations may affect the chance of other mutations appearing.
	Mutation list:
		Stat-related:
			Beneficial:
				
			Negative:
				
				
		Ability-giving:
			Teleport Self:
				Can choose a location that has previously been seen to teleport to. Long cooldown.
			Teleport Other:
				Teleport an enemy to a location that THEY have seen before. Long cooldown. May cause unintended
				consequences if an enemy has not seen any location.
			Force Push:
				Push an enemy away a distance proportional to their weight, damaging them if they hit something, stunning 
				them for X turns.
			Force Pull:
				Pull an enemy within your FOV towards you, stunning for X turns proportional to their weight.
			Withering Touch:
				Gain advantage on all melee attacks made against plants.
			
		Supplementary:
			Beneficial:
				Space Render:
					Whenever you teleport, cause an explosion centred at your new location.
				Gene Splicer:
					Add +1 mutation to choose from whenever you descend. Stacks.
				Force Expert:
					Req: Force Push/Pull
					Your Force Abilities affect all enemies within melee range in addition to your target
				
			Negative:
				Nearsighted:
					-1 FOV Radius
				Reality Warper:
					Whenever you teleport, everything in a +1 range travels with you. Unstable materials and enemies
					may explode. Stacks.
				Corrupt DNA:
					When you are forcefully mutated, gain an additional negative mutation.
				
Monster table:
	Player:
		A hopeless fool convinced that he can not only survive the sludgeworks, but understand it's corrupted depths.
	Plants:
		Bloated Fungus:
			An enormous, spherical fungus anchored to the floor. It occasionally puffs dense clouds of spores through it's 
			powdered gills.
			Abilities: Explodes if damaged, releasing hallucinatory spores. Immune to it's own spore types.
			Mutations: Sentience, Camouflage, Spores: Random Disease, Paralyzing, Poisoning
	Humanoids:
		Wretch:
			A stunted human wrapped in filthy rags and long since driven feral by the sludgeworks.
			Abilities: AoS, Flees on low HP (Rare), Armoured (Rare).
			Mutations: Low-Level List.
		Hunchback:
			Hooded:
			A humanoid figure draped in dark, hooded robes. It's face is completely concealed and it carries a wicked, 
			curved dagger. It moves with purpose and chants in an ancient, guttural tongue.
			Hoodless:
			A humanoid figure draped in dark, hooded robes. It's head is dominated by a gaping horizontal maw, lined with 
			rows of serrated teeth. Rivers of blood stream down it's disfigured visage, covering the floor with a glossy 
			sheen.
			Abilities (Hooded): AoS, Flurry, Casts Fear (The Hunchback removes it's hood and you are overcome with terror!).
			Abilities (Hoodless): AoS, Bleeds on Surroundings, Always Follows, Berserk, Bite.
			Mutations: Mid-Level List.
		Thresher:
			A colossal ogre-like ape covered in patches of matted hair and littered with scars. This creature tirelessly 
			searches it's surroundings for new objects to smash together with a joyous, childlike expression.
			Abilities: AoS, Stupid, Knockback, Grabs, Berserk, Attacks Nearest Target, High HP.
			Mutations: Low-Level List. Very dangerous if 'stupid' is removed.
		Flagellant:
			Alignment: Cultist
			Driven by insane fervor, this 'man' tears apart his flesh in religious fury. The back of his embroidened robes 
			are lacerated beyond repair and blackened with dried blood, however the skin below is flawless and unscarred.
			Abilities: Regenerates, Melee Range: 2, Damages Self When Idle && When HP>50%, Poisonproof, Diseaseproof.
			Mutations: Mid-Level List.
		Bloodseeker:
			An asymmetric monstrosity the size of a bear with a grinning, skinless snout. Rusted weaponry from previous 
			encountered juts from it's hide like gruesome jewellery and 
		
	Beasts:
		
	Horrors:
		
	Bosses:
		Dymanikos, Effigy of Perfection
			Boss
			Alignment: Cultist
			An elegant, towering figure with an inhumanly soothing voice. This man appears to be unarmed,
			but you are not so easily deceived to think this he is worshipped for his weaknesses.
			Abilities: Can cast Heal, Inspires nearby enemies, Can negate magic, Can lower STR & AGI on INT fail.
			
			
	
	
	